Specified the status of the VRAM DMA register once a transfer is done. (#624)
gbdev/pandocs: src/CGB_Registers.md

address in VRAM will cause garbage to be copied.

The four lower bits of this address will be ignored and treated as 0.

> The address specified by those registers is cached internally and incremented by $10 for each block of $10 bytes successfully transferred. The cached address persists until the registers are written again.

Reviewer: I have a suggestion for different wording to hopefully convey the same info.

```suggestion
Writing to either of these registers updates part of an internal persistent address, which also gets incremented by 16 for each tile transferred.
```

address in VRAM will cause garbage to be copied.

The four lower bits of this address will be ignored and treated as 0.
After a transfer the address contained in this register pair is 

> by $10 for each block of $10 bytes transfered, these 

Reviewer 2: Maybe this can be moved to a footnote (the fact that they cannot be observed directly etc)

> After a transfer the address contained in this register pair is 
> by $10 for each block of $10 bytes transfered, these 
> registers being write-only, this can only be observed by doing another 
> transfer without updating these registers.
> 
> 
> #### FF53–FF54 — HDMA3, HDMA4 (CGB Mode only): VRAM DMA destination (high, low) \[write-only\]
> 
> These two registers specify the address within 8000-9FF0 to which the
> data will be copied. Only bits 12-4 are respected; others are ignored.
> The four lower bits of this address will be ignored and treated as 0.
> 
> #### State of the VRAM DMA source/destination registers after a transfer
> 
> After a transfer, the source/destination registers are incremented by $10 
> for each block of $10 bytes transfered.
> Despite both the VRAM DMA source/destination registers being write-only,
> knowing their state after a transfer can turn useful when performing
> multiple transfer in a row.
> For instance, a transfer of one large block is mostly equivalent to
> multiple transfers of smaller blocks, without needing to update the source
> nor the destination registers between each of the smaller transfers.
> Another use case would be to fill VRAM with the same $10 bytes block repeated 
> all over, as only the source address register would need be updated after each
> transfer, the destination register being automatically incremented by
> the block size after each transfer.
> 
> 

Reviewer 3: IMO the "State of the VRAM DMA source/destination registers after a transfer" is redundant and just add noise to the page.

I think the best way representing this info is by adding the lines you added to `FF51-FF52` to `FF53-FF54` too by just copy pasting it.

Something like this:

```suggestion
After a transfer the address pointed by those two registers equals `initial_address + ($10 * num_of_blocks_transferred)`.
Since those are write-only registers, this can only be observed by doing another transfer without writing them again.

#### FF53–FF54 — HDMA3, HDMA4 (CGB Mode only): VRAM DMA destination (high, low) \[write-only\]

These two registers specify the address within 8000-9FF0 to which the
data will be copied. Only bits 12-4 are respected; others are ignored.
The four lower bits of this address will be ignored and treated as 0.

After a transfer the address pointed by those two registers equals `initial_address + ($10 * num_of_blocks_transferred)`.
Since those are write-only registers, this can only be observed by doing another transfer without writing them again.

```

Reviewer: I've found that it makes sense to describe the *overall* functioning of the system in a single place, so that the reader can start to form a vague mental picture before getting into the individual components; otherwise, IME, the scattered information is very hard to assemble into the big picture. This line of reasoning is what has led us to creating the [Graphics](https://gbdev.io/pandocs/Graphics.html) or [Audio](https://gbdev.io/pandocs/Audio.html) introduction pages.

Reviewer 3: I pretty much agree with you about the overview sections for complex systems, I just don't think that this specific case (post-transfer register state) rises to that level.
It's niche enough that IMO most developers will never really need it, and I worry that a dedicated section gives it more focus than it deserves and risks burying the more critical parts about the VRAM DMA system.
